Various things adjusted (#16)
apeltzer/eager2-paper: content/05.methods.md

### Installation

nf-core/eager requires Java, Nextflow and either a functional conda installation *or* Docker/Singularity container installation. A quick installation guide to follow to get started can be found in the *Quickstart* section in the nf-core/eager [documentation](https://github.com/nf-core/eager#quick-start).

### Running

After the installation, users can run the pipeline using standard test data by utilizing some of the `test` profiles we provide (e.g. using Docker): 

```bash
nextflow run nf-core/eager -r 2.1.0 -profile test,docker
```

This will fetch testdata automatically, run the pipeline locally with all software tools containerized in a Docker container and store the output of that run in the `./results` folder of your current directory.

#### Profiles

We utilize a central configuration profile repository to enable users from various institutions to use pipelines on their particular infrastructure [more easily](https://github.com/nf-core/configs). For details on how to add your own profile to that repository, there are multiple resources listed in this repository to add your own configuration profile with help from the nf-core community.

> Users can customize this infrastructure profile once either alone or with the nf-core community, or with their local IT to make sure that the pipeline runs successfully and can then rely on the Nextflow and nf-core framework to ensure compatibility upon further infrastructure changes. In order to run the nf-core/eager pipeline at the Max Planck Institute for the science of human history in Jena, users only have to run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can customize this infrastructure profile once by themselves, with the nf-core community, or with their local system administrator to make sure that the pipeline runs successfully and can then rely on the Nextflow and nf-core framework to ensure compatibility upon further infrastructure changes. For example, in order to run the nf-core/eager pipeline at the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History in Jena, users only have to run:
```

```bash
nextflow run nf-core/eager -r 2.1.0 -profile shh_cdag,test
```

> This runs the testing profile of the nf-core/eager pipeline on the HPC system at the MPI SHH in Jena/Germany. Similar configs for multiple institutions already exist, so users might not even have to write their own once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This runs the testing profile of the nf-core/eager pipeline with parameters specifically adapted to the HPC system at the MPI-SHH. In some cases, similar institutional configs for other institutions mat already exist (originally utilised for different nf-core pipelines), so users need not write their own.
```

#### Inputs

> The pipeline can be started using (raw) FastQ from sequencing or pre-mapped BAM files. Additionally, the pipeline requires a FASTA reference genome. If users have complex setups, e.g. multiple sequencing lanes that require merging of files for example, the pipeline can be supplied with a tabular separated value (TSV) file to enable such complex data handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline can be started using (raw) FASTQ from sequencing or pre-mapped BAM files. Additionally, the pipeline requires a FASTA reference genome. If users have complex setups, e.g. multiple sequencing lanes that require merging of files for example, the pipeline can be supplied with a tabular separated value (TSV) file to enable such complex data handling.
```

#### Monitoring

> Users can either monitor their pipeline execution on the commandline or utilize projects such as [Nextflow Tower](https://tower.nf) to monitor their analysis pipeline during runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can either monitor their pipeline execution on the using  nextflow's console running messages or utilize projects such as [Nextflow Tower](https://tower.nf) to monitor their analysis pipeline during runtime.
```

#### Output

> The pipeline produces several dozen output files in various file formats, with a more detailed listing available in the user documentation. This includes metrics, statistical analysis data and standardized output files (BAM, VCF) for close inspection and further downstream analysis, as well as a MultiQC report. The latter can even be emailed to users automatically, when starting the pipeline with a dedicated `--email you@yourdomain.org`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline produces several dozen output files in various file formats, with a more detailed listing available in the user documentation. This includes metrics, statistical analysis data and standardized output files (BAM, VCF) for close inspection and further downstream analysis, as well as a MultiQC report. If a emailing daemon is setup on the server, the latter can even be emailed to users automatically, when starting the pipeline with a dedicated `--email you@yourdomain.org`.
```

## Data and software availability

All code is available on github at

> [https://github.com/nf-core/eager](https://github.com/nf-core/eager) and archived with Zenodo under the DOI [10.5281/zenodo.1465061](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1465061). All test data is from the ENA public repository available under ENA IDs: FIXME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[https://github.com/nf-core/eager](https://github.com/nf-core/eager) and archived with Zenodo under the DOI [10.5281/zenodo.1465061](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1465061). All test data is from the ENA public repository available under ENA IDs: **FIXME**
```
